the United Nations has condemned an
Israeli attack on a un run School in
central Gaza it says the air strike
killed at least 35 people and wounded
many more the Israeli military said it
carried out a strike targeting Hamas
Fighters involved in the October 7th
Terror attacks calls are growing for an
investigation into the
incident around 6,000 Palestinians from
all over Gaza were Sheltering in this
former School an unra facility in narat
when it was targeted by an Israeli air
strike why what have we done for them to
bomb us we fled from place to place no
unra school is safe no tent is safe
there is no safe
place we woke up to the sounds of
rockets the remains of people were
scattered everywhere a gas canister
exploded children died screaming the
street was a blood bath my nephew was
killed
the bodies of the victims killed in the
attack are lined up outside the AL AXA
Hospital family members say their final
[Music]
goodbyes before the funeral prayers are
said Israel is defending its decision to
strike the school they say they were
targeting members of Hamas and Islamic
Jihad who were
inside we assess that 20 to 30
terrorists were in the compound at the
time of the strike we targeted with
Precision strikes on the specific
classrooms on the specific classrooms
what we know of course we know that the
terrorists were uh what they were doing
inside a un school they were hid ing the
compound was used for staging attacks
and as a forward operating
base the United Nations has condemned
the attack on its shelter in Gaza and
accuse Israel of breaking International
humanitarian
law DW correspondent Rebecca ritters is
in Jerusalem I asked her what Israel's
reaction has been to the UN
criticism well bares this is the latest
in a growing number of attacks carried
on by Israel in Gaza that has been
condemned by the International Community
now as you heard in that report Israel
maintains that it carried out this
attack uh with with intelligence
evidence to suggest that somewhere
between 20 and 30 Hamas operatives were
using the school as a command center
where they were planning uh further
attacks on IDF targets and that they an
attack was imminent the IDF said uh
Daniel hagari the spokesman for the IDF
said last night that they were working
to uh verify further information before
they made it public but they've so far
no offered no in um no evidence of their
uh their no evidence of their evidence
in in relation to this attack but they
did uh name last night nine operatives
that they say were killed in this attack
we know that around 40 people were
hearing were killed in this attack
including some women and children uh in
other attacks that have been condemned
so widely there has uh on a number of
been a call for as you heard in that
report a call for an independent
investigation but at this stage Israel
hasn't said that it's going to carry out
an independent investigation it says
that it has the evidence uh and it will
be providing further details in the
future we'll leave it there for the
moment DW's Rebecca R is reporting from
Jerusalem thanks so much for that